sub01: BADS: 1233. HPI ok, movement ok. Good signal, good subject. NO ECG NOR EOG. missed a few trials a the begining of some blocks because the subject could start the block herself, but this is correctly treated in the preproc script. 
sub02: BADS: 1441, 2113, 1731. very good behavioral, no head movement at all but bad HPI (>5mm). Missing triggers in run1, 9 and 10. 10=last5(?). 1=sum of resp+trig75+8192=8267.
sub03: pretty tired, low performance on the 2obj blocks. bad HPI (>5mm diff + lot of mouvement between runs)
sub04: BADS: 2643 oubli de retirer le masque pendant le premier bloc, mais le signal est ok ... surement rien de métallique dans le masque, mais il le retire quand meme pour la suite. Un peu de mouvements de têtes au cours de l'exp, mais ça va. HPI OK. stratégie auditive, répéter la phrase au moment où la scène est présentée.
sub05: premier sujet avec les travaux sur le parking. Camion passe jsute devant après la 2ème pause du 1er bloc et après ~10 essais au bloc 5. Pas de camion pour les locs 7 à 10. 
sub06: good perf, nearly no haed movement, but bliks during trials. Les pelleuteuses passent près vers la fin du bloc4. 
sub07: perf ok, stratégie de répéter la phrase, HPI ok mais qq mvt de tete. travaux loin. Problem in run10_loc, missing 2 triggers, probably one between the first and second pause and one between 2nd and 3rd (sum of trial onsets between pause onsets). no clear reason, for the first one there seem to be 2 missing triggers, for no reason.
New design!! 600ms SOA instead go 650 for objects and scenes. Flash in half of the trials. 4 2obj blocks, 4 1obj block, and 600ms -> about the same total time.
sub08: Great perf, HPI ok, some head mvt, stratégie visuelle. Des camions passent pas loin vers la fin du bloc 6.
sub09-10: gantry position was not "upright" so it might explain why wedon't have much signal...
sub09: Stratégie plutot visuelle, et "sequentielle" pour les scènes (d'abord check l'objet à gauche si la phrase disait X à gauche de Y). Missed the first trial of run 2 (did not start the recording). Signal looked ok if not for the slow oscillations that happened very frequently; the constrution work was far away, but after looking at the evoked it is terrible. Lots of head movements and muscles artifacts and very weird looking ECG (told the nurses and they will tell her to ask her medecin general for a proper ECG, might be pathological). Great performance. Small HPI problem, the different is too high, but sometimes the system says "ok". 
BADS: run1: 2512,0513; run3: 2221; run4: 0513
sub10: légers problèmes de vue, l'écran est rapproché pour lui permettre de lire correctement. Mais meme comme ça elle n'arrive pas a lire les consignes. Perf ok mais RT un peu lent. HPI ok, très peu de mvt de tete. coeur tres visible sur les capteurs. Travaux loin, mais l'evoked est très moche. Stratgégie visuelle, surtout à partir du bloc 5. 
sub11: data quality is terrible for all blocks, due to contruction work being very close and very active. Also lots of movements and hence muscle artifacts. HPI was ok and not too much head mvt though. Stratégie visuelle, perf plutot mauvaise (mais elle a dit que souvent elle appuyait trop vite et se rendait compte tout de suite qu'elle s'était trompé). 
sub12: 



Train classifier on trials of the same color from different blocks, ie look for what is different between runs. Negatives can be objects of different colors. 
When training on one object, test on 2 objects when the color and shape match, versus when the color or shape is attributed to the other object. eg train on blue triangle vs anything else, test on blue triangle left of red square vs blue square left of red triangle. 
